# Marketing-Research-trends-2021
Article about latest Marketing trends
The crises of the twenty-first century fundamentally altered the connection between customers and brands, shifting expectations and redefining partnerships. At the same time, it provided a chance for companies to rethink and reinvent their market research strategies. Consumers turned to hoarding and their connections with brands moved from a position of choice to one of need, as economic development was reversed and supply networks were strained to and beyond breaking point. While some businesses wisely adjusted, others, particularly in the leisure and tourism industries, succumbed to COVID-19's crushing pressure. Knowledge-based businesses were arguably the least affected, with remote workers keeping the lights on. However, there were just a few victors in the end. According to our findings, over two-thirds of firms have cancelled or postponed part of their planned research. Those who were able to weather the storm were often those who used technology to gain a competitive advantage. Market researchers wanted to save money and decrease costs, so they used automation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning to relieve the strain on resource-intensive human-led processes. Market research technology, though not new, came into its own in 2020 as a way to reduce costs and achieve more with less. The growth of MR technology increased quickly, especially when it comes to automation tools.
We had expected that mobile-friendly surveys would become increasingly popular. In fact, the epidemic has accelerated this transition, as many pollsters have shifted to mobile-friendly ways to conduct brief surveys with respondents. This update to the survey will be permanent. Researchers have previously shown that responder attention is waning, and the capacity to convey information rapidly is becoming increasingly important. During the epidemic, the necessity to capture data at numerous touch points along the consumer experience has risen as well. Data gathering will increase as the requirement to fill in information gaps throughout the sales process grows. It's no surprise that we expected AI will play a bigger role in how we gather, evaluate, and use data in market research. AI is being increasingly frequently employed in a variety of sectors. Companies now have access to more information because to Covid-19. As a result, the requirement to extract useful information from fresh data has become even more critical. A slew of new tools are on the way to help researchers sift through open-text data, analyze and filter data, and show crucial results. We also expected that qualitative research would become more popular. Although this may have been tainted in the conventional sense, we assumed that people would prefer to use newer, less expensive techniques such as online focus groups and online communities. Because traditional focus groups were dangerous to conduct during the epidemic, these virtual options for doing research grew in popularity. We projected that, in addition to qualitative research, a combination of other types of data will be used to produce consumer insight. The Covid-19 data influx established the significance of mixed-mode research. Companies who were proficient at pivoting their operations during the pandemic were able to do so because they possessed the necessary knowledge and tools. Although this may seem self-evident, many researchers have difficulty getting the most out of their surveys. By adding open-ended follow-ups or new questions from other teams that want in on the activity, a 10-question survey can quickly double in length. However, collecting the relevant data from the right audience without depleting responders or resources is becoming increasingly critical. Researchers and non-researchers alike can collect useful data in less time by incorporating expert-designed survey templates into their usual workflow. These surveys have been fine-tuned to assist organizations in getting answers to the most relevant questions, allowing them to keep focused on what actually matters. The ability to deploy template surveys at numerous touch points reduces the time it takes to complete a research project while maintaining data quality. Market research has been outsourced for a long time due to its labor-intensive nature and the fact that it requires specialized knowledge and experience. In 2021, there will be a significant shift away from the traditional full-service approach, with the help of agile research tools, toward DIY in-house. Customer experience, marketing, and product teams will be able to conduct their own research and share instantly digestible data with stakeholders via real-time dashboards thanks to easy-to-use insights platforms and template questionnaires. Furthermore, researchers are no longer required to visit multiple vendors in order to conduct a study with a variety of requirements. Market research will be easier to manage for all stakeholders if centralized platforms that incorporate a variety of end-point solutions all within one ecosystem are developed. Check out this talk with SurveyMonkey for more information on how to start your own DIY in-house market research program. Increased longitudinal research and tracking is maybe one of the most underrated – but crucial – developments we see in 2021. This year, things appeared to change dramatically from one day to the next. Rather than depending on yearly, quarterly, or even monthly pulses with ever-changing respondent sets, companies will look into continuous research solutions that follow the behaviors, opinions, and experiences of the same group of respondents throughout time. Researchers can perform longitudinal studies with the support of continuous research solutions like market research online communities (MROCs), which allow them to track even the smallest changes and spot trends with its members. Because they have a community of trusted, research-ready participants who are eager to offer their opinions and co-create with the brand, MROCs also allow researchers to complete projects faster.
Our industry is looking forward to a major year in 2021, and we're delighted to play a part in making market research more accessible to everyone. Connect with one of our experts for more information about Fuel Cycle's continuous research and agile research platforms, or to explore how to incorporate innovative approaches into your 2021 market research plan. Data is more important than ever before, yet simply collecting it isn't enough. Data must be able to be harnessed and turned into meaningful insights for businesses. Companies might use research to help them decide what they should do next. Although 2020 was not the year we had hoped for, it did usher in tremendous changes across the board. The year 2021 will continue to alter how businesses and customers connect across platforms, and I'm looking forward to seeing what comes next! 
